Help again.
So the next option that we have in the fist bit height of ability is to add the mission control.
So the admission control is up what you see usually the by the spirit of ability to ensure final overcapacity
within our cluster.
So it's increasing the value of the host by.
Tolerate with increase of ability constant and capacity reserve reserved.
So if you remember when is the pro active file and response right there.
We make some decision to go to the horse in the current mode or in dimensional mode set up so the admission
how it's walk.
If we're about to dig into my tent and when we talk about the height of ability we talk about do three
issues in our cluster or in our environment.
So I think meaning you should have some free resource in your environment if you have 0 percent of the
roosters.
So you don't have any height of ability in your environment.
So how do other mission control work or what's at mission control.
When we config the hides reality in our cluster like this one for example just example we have three
servers in our environment and we enabled the height of ability and we configured at the Mission Control
puts me in a situation that when Haast take it down the height of ability will make great.
All we're rebooted the virtual machine inside this house.
In other Haast we have.
So that's me in a situation for example we have three hosts every hosts consume about 60 percent of
the resource.
But to me it just has we have 14 percent or 3 resouce.
This has also we have 14 percent of every resource.
And this host again also have 14 percent of priesthoods that's mean it consume 16 percent of the resource
when we have a problem in one of these hoes.
For example this host have a filer what's happened.
Did it when separate.
Do virtual machine in this host end to host but it will make calculation to use this free resource that
we have right here.
We have 14 percent of users but we have had 16 percent of the resource.
So it really was separate to 18 percent rating and 13 percent of the research was 10.
So to make it more clear for example we have four virtual machine Aldus for a machine consume the same
results.
That's mean to part of this reason is about 16 bottoms and of course we have similar hosts this hosts
are as the same as power and resource.
That's mean I would support a virtual machine to run in this host and the other to have a virtual machine
to run in this host.
So we have the equality of the resource but in that situation we have consumed 98 percent of the resource
in this host 98 percent of the resource of this world.
So we only have 10 percent of resouce when this has to get done.
Do ability can't reboot this virtual machine in all the holes because it is not spent any real resource.
So we do not have any height of ability in this region.